Software tests!
----------------
Everything below should be the following format:

FR# - Test Content - Input - Output - Pass Criteria > All on one line!

Example:

FR1 - Check that system can store the first two days of the earliest permitted year. - Enter 1st March 1971 at date prompt. Hit return, and enter 2nd March 1971 at date prompt. - List of stored dates should now include those dates. - Data is stored.correctly.
-----------------

FR1 - Check that the software starts first time without errors on an Android device. - Application will be opened on test device. - Modal window prompting for contact details. - The application should have launched without crashing.

FR1 - Check that the software starts second time with intended behaviour on an Android device. - Application will be opened on test device after previously having its user details set. - Prompt user to start a new recording. - The user should be able to start a new recording from app start without entering their details a second time. 

FR1 - Check that the software allows to record at a different site once a recording has ended. - A recording will be started, test items enterred, then ended. This will be repeated two more times without closing the app. - App should end a recording then prompt user for a new one. - App should have taken and stored three seperate recordings.

FR1/FR2 - Check that the user will be prompted for contact details at first boot up. - Application will be opened for the first time and a new recording will be started. - Modal window prompting for contact details. - The user should be prompted to fill in contact details.

FR2 - Check that the user is able to select a natural reserve for the visit. - Start a new recording and identify the site by starting typing its name. - Drop down menu showing suggestions of the natural reserve. - Suggestions shown are relevant to what the user has started typing.

FR3 - Check that the user is able to select a species or provide a name if it’s not available. - When adding a new species the user will start typing its name into the species text field. - Drop down menu showing suggestions of species. - Suggestions shown are relevant to what the user has started typing.

FR4 - Check that the GPS coordinates are obtained correctly from the Android OS. - Record a new species and touch the "Obtain GPS coordinates" button. - GPS coordinates are shown on the details of the newly recorded species. - GPS coordinates are the same as GPS coordinates recorded in parallel to this test.

FR4 - Check that the radio buttons for the abundance store the correct data. - Record a new species and select a radio button "DAFOR". - The selected radio button gets selected (filled in). - The selected abundance is stored correctly in the species record (shown in the summary view).
aoo
FR4 - Check that the user is able to add a free text comment. - Record a new species and add a little text comment in the comment text field. - The written text is shown in the comment text field. - The written text is stored correctly in the species record (shown in the summary view).

FR4 - Check that the user is able to add a photo from the phones gallery. - Record a new species, touch the "Add photo" button, select "From gallery" in the modal window that appears and select a photo from the phones gallery. - A thumbnail of the selected photo is shown next to the "Add photo" button. - A copy of the photo is stored correctly in the species record (shown in the summary view).

FR4 - Check that the user is able to shoot a new photo using the phones camera. - Record a new species, touch the "Add photo" button, select "Shoot photo" in the modal window that appears and shoot a photo with the phones camera app. - A thumbnail of the new photo is shown next to the "Add photo" button. - A copy of the new photo is stored correctly in the species record (shown in the summary view).

FR5 - Check that the user is able to delete one species from a recording. - When viewing the list of species in an unsent recording select one species to delete. - Species disappears from the list of species. - Species and all its details are deleted from the recording.

FR5 - Check that the user is able to delete a whole recording. - When viewing the list of unsent recordings select one recording to delete. - Recording disappears from the list of recordings. - Recording and all the species in it are deleted.

FR5 - Check that the user is able to update an unsubmitted recording. - 'Edit' button is clicked on the summary page. - User taken to a page where they are able to ammend the recording. - Recording is updated correctly and the user is taken back to the summary page.

FR6 - Check that the user that the user can send a recording to the server. - The recording button on the app is pressed. - The recording is displayed on the website and is added to the list. - The Recording is sent to the server and then added to the database.Inline with the specification documents. 

FR6 - Check that the recording is sent with FR2 and FR4. - The recording is sent with the information from FR2 and FR4.- The information listed contains FR2, FR 4 and Fr 6. - The data is displayed serverside showing it has passed the test.
