Web tests!
----------------
Everything below should be the following format:

FR# - Test Content - Input - Output - Pass Criteria > All on one line!

Example:

FR1 - Check that system can store the first two days of the earliest permitted year. - Enter 1st March 1971 at date prompt. Hit return, and enter 2nd March 1971 at date prompt. - List of stored dates should now include those dates. - Data is stored.correctly.
-----------------

FR7 - Check that the server can receive and store recordings sent from the android app - Send a recording to the server via a HTTP POST - The database should contain the new recording with the correct data - The data is saved correctly

FR7 - Check that the server can store recordings in database correctly - check if recording is corrupted - recording should not be corrupted but is a possibility - server not receiving properly

FR7 - Check that server is sending/receiving recordings - send a recording to the server via HTTP POST - is the recording the correct recording or is it a random recording - 

FR7 - Check that server is storing recordings - Look at website and see if recording is displayed, it should contain the new recordings - Data is being stored

FR7 - Confirm whether the recordings sent from the Android app are received and stored in the database. By transmitting a recording from the android device and confirm whether it has been received and stored onto the database.

FR7 - Check for corrupt/ incomplete files, by comparing and seeing whether the file sizes match on both sides. This will get most corrupt files out of the system. 

FR7 - Once file sizes have been matched, read to see whether content matches across all files.


FR7 - Ensure that the received MIME message contains:
1. The information about the visit (FR2)
2. The information about each species recorded (FR3, FR4).

FR8 - Check that the reserves data can be added to - Try adding some data to the reserves and saving it - The added data should now be saved and on the receives page - The data has been added correctly. 

FR8 - Check that the reserves data can be maintained - Try to edit some of the data that has been added to the reserves - Edit part of the data saved and re-save it - The data should have been updated and should show the changes - The data is saved correctly. 

FR9 - Check whether the user is able to sort the recordings by reserve - Select a reserve to display recordings from using the UI - A list of recordings made from the specified reserve only should be displayed and should be in alphabetical order of latin name - The list should display recorder's name, the date and the abundance- Appropriate recordings are being displayed and ordered correctly

FR9 - Check whether the user is able to sort the recordings by date added - Select sort by date (descending or ascending) using the UI - A list of recordings displayed in date order from newest to oldest or vice versa - Recordings are being displayed and are in the correct order
